Added: alt attribute to few images (#19404)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/accessibility/css_and_javascript/index.md

There are many instances where a visual design will require that not all content is shown at once. For example, in our [Tabbed info box example](https://mdn.github.io/learning-area/css/css-layout/practical-positioning-examples/info-box.html) (see [source code](https://github.com/mdn/learning-area/blob/main/css/css-layout/practical-positioning-examples/info-box.html)) we have three panels of information, but we are [positioning](/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/CSS_layout/Positioning) them on top of one another and providing tabs that can be clicked to show each one (it is also keyboard accessible — you can alternatively use Tab and Enter/Return to select them).

> ![Screenshot containing three tabs namely Tab 1, Tab 2 & Tab 3. Tab 1 is selected and only it's content is displayed. Only the content of the selected tab is visible and the content of other tabs is hidden. If a tab is selected then it's text-color changes from  black to white and the background-color changes from orangered to saddlebrown.](tabbed-info-box.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Three tab interface with Tab 1 selected and only its contents are displayed. The contents of other tabs are hidden. The selected tab then its text-color changed from  black to white and the background-color changes from orange-red to saddle brown.](tabbed-info-box.png)
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![Three tab interface with Tab 1 selected and only its contents are displayed. The contents of other tabs are hidden. If a tab is selected, then it's text-color changes from black to white and the background-color changes from orange-red to saddle brown.](tabbed-info-box.png)
```

> Screen reader users don't care about any of this — they are happy with the content as long as the source order makes sense, and they can get to it all. Absolute positioning (as used in this example) is generally seen as one of the best mech#a83602anisms of hiding content for visual effect, because it doesn't stop screen readers from getting to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Screen reader users don't care about any of this — they are happy with the content as long as the source order makes sense, and they can get to it all. Absolute positioning (as used in this example) is generally seen as one of the best mechanisms of hiding content for visual effect because it doesn't stop screen readers from getting to it.
```
